[Docs][8.16] Link to ECK Azure snapshot docs (#111586)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/repository-azure.asciidoc

When running {es} in
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/kubernetes-service[Azure Kubernetes

> Service], for instance using {eck-ref}/k8s-snapshots.html#k8s-azure-workload-identity[{eck}], you should use

Author: ```suggestion
Service], for instance using https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/k8s-snapshots.html#k8s-basic-snapshot-azure[{eck}], you should use
```

Reviewer: Hm that's not linking to the right subsection tho, https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/pull/7980 removed `k8s-basic-snapshot-azure`.

Author: yeah just deleted comment, didn't realize you had commented on it 😆 . this just broke my skull, do we have to wait for k8s master docs to flip to whatever the next current switchover is?
